The Assembly Hall is an educational center. This is a center of pure worship for all the
congregations that come. Taking care of Jehovah's House as part of sacred service, even going
back to the temple, everyone had an assignment, they had someone to open the doors. So of course
they had somebody also maintaining things.
As of December 2016, there's 773 Assembly Halls worldwide. There's so many details
on Assembly Hall, you can't do it all yourself to be overseer of Assembly Hall. We're excited
to do it, but it seemed real heavy at the time.
It does take, in our particular case, a couple of hundreds, about 200 or so volunteers each
in every week that really are necessary to care for the Assembly Hall, the grounds, the
counting, the purchasing, the maintenance and the cleaning. Each and every one of these chairs,
the seating, all has moving parts, has to be maintained. And with 4,050 seats in here,
we can say that every single one of them has been maintained.
John 217 says, the zeal for your house will consume me. And I think we have an opportunity
to show Jehovah that we have zeal, we have an eagerness, a fire for his house and caring
for it. So we appreciate all those that want to work at the Assembly Hall.
So many of the dear friends, after they've just been in a whole day doing some terribly
dirty job, they thank you for the privilege. Well, that zeal for Jehovah's House. No
where else does that happen? And if you tried to do it yourself, if we hired somebody,
it wouldn't be as good as the work that the friends do when they come in.
When the friends come on the weekend, this is an educational facility. So they come here
to be educated about Jehovah and new ones come and it needs to be dignified and reflect
Jehovah's qualities. So the cleaning that goes on, the maintenance that goes on, that's
what the purpose is. At lunchtime, we do a spiritual program. It could be a talk, could
be a discussion. And we really generally try to cover a topic that helps the volunteers
see the connection between their work at the Assembly Hall and kingdom preaching work.
We are preachers. That's number one to spread the good news. And we see the results of
that here. We're filling this place up. It's a real privilege. You learn so much from
the sacrifices that the friends make in order to serve Jehovah that it makes us feel
very small. And we realize what a blessing it is for us to be in that environment all
of the time.
The goal of any work in Jehovah's service is to help as many people as you can to come
to know him and to take care of his interests here on the earth. And we all have the same
goal, trying to please him and doing what we can.
Our goal, really, as Assembly Hall servants is to take care of the place in such a way,
take care of the Assembly Hall in such a way that not only saves and makes a wise use
of dedicated funds and resources, but also making things ready in such a way that on
Saturday morning, when the brothers and sisters walk in and the attendants and the sound
and the stage brothers are getting ready, all they really have to do is come on, flip the
switches, lights come on, air conditioning, heat, everything's functioning, where all
they have to do is just focus on the program and listen and take an instruction. That's
what we're asked to do. Listen and take an instruction. And we can do that when we're
not distracted by anything else. So if everything works well on an assembly day, we know we've
done our job.